issue priorities. (#3349)
microsoft/ebpf-for-windows: docs/Governance.md

* Manage github settings such as branch protection rules and repository secrets.
* Resolve any disputes among maintainers.

> ## Prioritizing Issues

Reviewer: Since the "Reviewing Pull Requests" section is not modified, I assume there's no changes proposed to how prioritization is done at merge time, correct?  (If correct, that's fine with me.)

Author: Correct.

> In the weekly triage meetings, new issues are assigned to contributors and are set to a monthly milestone by which the issue is expected to be completed. It may not be possible for the assignees to address all the issues assigned to them by their target milestone. As a result issues may pile up in a given milestone. In such cases project admins can request contributors to use *special labels* to prioritize issues as follows:

Reviewer: I think it can't be Contributors who use special labels (as lines 15-20 explain anyone can submit a PR but they don't have permission to manage labels), but instead it needs to be someone who is a Triage Driver or Maintainer who should use such labels.

> In the weekly triage meetings, new issues are assigned to contributors and are set to a monthly milestone by which the issue is expected to be completed. It may not be possible for the assignees to address all the issues assigned to them by their target milestone. As a result issues may pile up in a given milestone. In such cases project admins can request contributors to use *special labels* to prioritize issues as follows:

Reviewer: I think it can't be Contributors who use special labels (as lines 15-20 explain anyone can submit a PR but they don't have permission to manage labels), but instead it needs to be someone who is a Triage Driver or Maintainer who should use such labels.
```suggestion
In the weekly triage meetings, new issues are assigned to collaborators and are set to a monthly milestone by which the issue is expected to be completed. It may not be possible for the assignees to address all the issues assigned to them by their target milestone. As a result issues may pile up in a given milestone. In such cases project admins can request that triage drivers and maintainers use *special labels* to prioritize issues as follows:
```

### P1:

> This label represents highest priority. This label should be used for bugs impacting users, new feature or enhancements that are urgently requested by users. Contributors should try to resolve these issues in the **current milestone**.

Reviewer: As lines 28-29 explain, it's Collaborators (not Contributors) who can have issues assigned to them.  Hence I think this should be:
```suggestion
This label represents highest priority. This label should be used for bugs impacting users, new feature or enhancements that are urgently requested by users. Collaborators should try to resolve these issues in the **current milestone**.
```

### P2:
This label is used for the next level of priority. Issues marked as P2 for the current milestone may be moved to the *next milestone* after discussing in the weekly triage meeting.
### P3:

> This label is used for low priority issues. Issues marked with this label may be moved to the *backlog* milestone.

Reviewer: Meaning they're not allowed to be moved to the next milestone?

Author: Are you talking about the issues that are tagged as P3 ? Yes they can be put to the next milestone if the maintainers agree. I put a soft "may" in all of these - as they are just guidance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This label is used for low priority issues. Issues marked with this label may be moved to the *next milestone* or the *backlog* milestone, without needing further discussion in the weekly triage meeting.
```
Based on your answers, here's what I think you mean. If this isn't what you mean, feel free to reword.

> Note that contributors and admins can change the priority of issues as deemed necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that triage drivers, maintainers, and project admins can change the priority of issues as deemed necessary.
```
